Test Admin Account:
UN: waltonca@etsu.edu
PW: YMXH@9J!72kM6Em

Standards
Definition of Done: Code that works, meets the requirements, has some error handling, and is documented
Code Review: On completion of a task, peer review by another dev team member
Coding Standards: 
  Commenting: Classes, methods, variables; up for debate
  "Clean Code": Indentation, curly braces below
  Naming Convention: Names that seem self-explanatory
Unit Testing: At the end of a feature's completion, test both happy and unhappy paths
Requirements Testing: PO's job, traceability matrix
Documentation: Commenting, Readme, UML Diagram
GitHub Standard: Push atleast once per task. Pull frequently.
Tools: DB Browser for SQLite
  IDE: VS

Sprint 1:
Objective: Get everyone onto the same page, get the development environment set up, and begin work. 
*** SUBJECT TO CHANGE ***
Tasks: 
  Get the Github set up 
  Get everyone connected to the Github ✓
  Get test accounts and give out the logins for at least one admin account and at least one player account ✓
  A.3.c Cannot change status or creation date (Can modify start time before it has started, status changes automatically)
    * Not being able to delete a hunt once it has started (Remove functionality) Max Key
    * Edit the start time 
    * Test that the current solution changes status automatically
    * Cannot edit creation date ✓
  
Sprint 2:
Objective: Restrict the current solution to better fit the timeline. Get an email set up to easily let players know that they are added to the hunt. 
Experiment with getting email to SMS working. Research on QR codes.
Acceptance Criteria: 
  One hunt. A set amount of tasks.
  Once an account is created, you only need access code to login.
  A secure email can send an email to the user containing the URL to the hunt. If SMS cannot be set up, it will also contain the access code.
  If SMS can be set up, verify that the SMS sends the access code successfully to multiple carriers.
  Get an idea on whether or not QR codes are doable. If they are doable, show how it works and how it integrates into the solution.
  Admins can send players email/SMS automatically upon creating an account.
  Players can create their own account to join the hunt.
  
Tasks: 
  Research for email to SMS solution
  Figure out how to store the password for the email
  Figure out how to handle different carriers
  Research for QR code solution
  
Secondary Objective Options
  Test submission status for when a player completes a task
      Correct entry ✓
      Incorrect entry ✓
      No internet
      Server/database update on correct entry
      Actually shows the update to the user ✓
      Verify that the user cannot complete the same task multiple times ✓
  A.3.a Can only edit pending or active hunts
    * Verify that you cannot edit completed hunts
    * Remove ability to edit completed hunt
  A.2.c Custom Invitations
  A.2.f Hunt URLs
  A.4.d Access Code and Invitation sending
  Figure out how to get the current solution onto the VM 
  Deploy the solution to the VM 
  Show everyone how to connect to it 
